hi guys how are you so I really want to
know how you guys are doing in the
comments below so let me know but today
we are going to talk about taking care
of down there if you know what I'm
saying and at first this is gonna be
really awkward and really scary and hard
for me to make but I'm just gonna go
ahead and make this video and sorry I
need to pull up my tank top on me it's
not covering well enough but alright so
it compiled if you see me looking down I
have my laptop right here and I have
compiled some topics to talk about for
it and this might be part one and then I
might do part two if you guys have any
questions that you want to send in to me
yeah so we're going to talk today about
shaving down there that that particular
region so the first thing is there's two
different things you can do you can do
shaving and you can do waxing I wouldn't
recommend taking like the Nair and doing
that just because I feel like that would
burn and I just don't think that that's
the smartest idea to do at all so first
I will do waxing so there's two
different types of waxes that I know of
personally there might be more out there
but there's the bikini wax and the
Brazilian wax so the bikini wax is
basically it's your hair is trimmed and
part of it is waxed off where your
bikini would be and there's about an
extra inch there so now hair will pop
out of your bikini which i think is a
good idea because it's kind of
embarrassing to go to a pool and then
you have like your hairs coming up out
of your suit you know and I mean it's
it's kind of easy to conceal it but kind
of not because when you're in the pool
you do move around and so things can
come loose if you know what I'm saying
so there's that or there's a Brazilian
wax and that's where you just get it all
waxed off all of it and I'm pretty sure
like back to your butt too because there
is hair in your butt
oh that scared me that's gonna be so bad
but yeah there is hair in your bust so
Brazilian wax basically just takes care
of all of that and just gets it it's
just gone so there's the waxes
personally for me waxing hurts and um I
wouldn't even think about waxing down
there because I know that that hurts
oh my god I like my friends tell me
about it I couldn't even I want to do it
but I don't think that I have the guts
to do that
so but waxing some girls like to get wax
they just like for it to be gone for two
weeks and just you know pain tolerance
of a of an elephant but I have the pain
tolerance of probably like a cute little
kitten like
I can't I can't do it so there's that
but we will talk about shaving
so let's I've got to that's weird
I've got some steps planned out for you
guys okay and if I'm sweating it's
because I'm outside and I know in Vegas
heat but like my parents backyard is so
cute too like filming don't you think
it's cute so okay step one is to prep so
what I would recommend first for you to
do is find a good razor don't use just
like the cheapy disposable razors
actually get a good quality electric
razor and the one that I recommend is
the cheek what did I write Schick
intuition so invest in it it's a really
good investment you're going to use it
multiple multiple times and you can just
transfer out the heads every two to
three months or whatever like that but
it's a really great investment um and
it's going to it's going to help you a
lot more than with those little plastic
disposable razors which like have like
two blades and it's just going to hurt
like a mother and could even cut you so
investing a good razor as well as a good
shaving cream any kind of shaving cream
works really actually or two you can use
a conditioner and that'll have just the
same effect so if you just have a
conditioner at your house you don't have
to go out and buy a shaving cream
that'll that'll work too so that's what
I would recommend for that now also too
this is going to like sound weird but
you want to gauge the length of your
hair so you don't want them to be longer
than 1/4 of an inch so you can't rip you
can trim that and that will help too
because if they're longer than 1/4 of an
inch sorry there's like the maintenance
people out here but if they're longer
than 1/4 of an inch and they're gonna
have a really big um I don't how to word
it you're gonna have a bigger chance of
it sticking out of your bikini if it's
longer so maybe just trimming as an
option as well but I like to trim too
before at least before you wax it or
before you shave it because just going
to be easier to manage and to work with
alright so I paused filming because he
was like coming around the mountain and
I've been like sitting out here waiting
for him to leave
I've been like sweating balls back back
here in the backyard so anyways I think
I left off on just trimming them to 1/4
of an inch and that can help as well
then one thing that I like to do at
least is try on about bikini not a
bikini but like the bathing suit bottoms
so you're able to see if any hair stick
out and able to to gauge like how low
you want to cut it in like all of the
angles cuz I still I don't know I'm lazy
I'm not gonna lie to you guys this is
like TMI but I really don't care so when
I do that I like triangle just kind of
like the bottoms does that make sense
and I just go an inch in so there's
still a little you know something
anyways that's awkward because I'm
telling about myself it's not awkward to
talk about this but when I get personal
in myself
is it raining right now it's definitely
raining and thundering and so like I'm
getting like drops on myself and like my
parents hot tub back here like they have
a tarp over it right now and like you
can hear it on the tarp going so I gotta
hurry this up but another thing when you
shave to go with the grain if you have
irritated skin or if you are just
beginning and your skin is fresh go with
the grain the way that the hairs are
growing in don't go against it now if
you don't have that irritated of skin or
you don't want to risk it or anything
like that
be warned you might get a rash you
probably will but if you go against it
it's easier to get the hairs off so I
don't know it's up to you I just do
whatever I don't know I don't really
have a rhyme or reason but for the
ultimate like trying to reduce rashes
and it's raining super hard down and not
get rashes I will recommend to go with
the grain um and step three is to
moisturize after and to prevent rashes
so you can either use baby powder that
will help with rashes or they actually
have this gel called bikini zone you can
rub that on in and help against rash is
true and you want to do it after you dry
you want to do it right then and when I
shave I just shave in the shower like I
normally do with my arms and my legs and
all of that jazz my scash I mean when I
shave I just like top to bottom get her
done so um like I said when you shave it
should only last about a week maybe even
less than a week it really depends on
how fast your hair grows or if you have
really slow growing hair you go for
hours and sorry I have a text message
but um
waxing is definitely a better
alternative and it's raining so on
you guys can see the raindrops but okay
I'm going to go I hope this helped if
you guys have any more questions I have
no problem doing a down there part to
taking care of down there part 2 I'm
strapping my laptop that was not good
but thank you guys so much for watching
I hope this helps some of you guys and I
will talk to you guys tomorrow all right